-  Previously on You:
I am not some cold-blooded psycho.
Two tablespoons of peanut oil.
- Stop. Stop!
You were trying to tell yourself
you were saving them
from some shadow killer, you?
Tell me where she is!
You poured all that darkness
you hated into this vessel you admired,
all the worst bits in a little package
you don't mind having a pint with.
-  Surprise!
- Surprise! We're engaged!
You're not stable.
My father is the worst man alive.
We've been estranged since I was 20.
I'm not Joe.
I'm just keeping you here
until he finally comes back to kill Dexter.
Attaboy.
You haven't seen the best bit yet.
Go on.
It's nowhere you haven't been before.
Yes, yes, okay.
I'll be back as soon as I can. Okay.
Over here.
I'm sorry.
Fuck.
I'm s-- Here.
Yeah, yeah, here.
Here.
Um...
You have every right to be mad,
but I'm gonna get you out of here.
Don't make promises you can't keep.
Joe.
You know you can trust me, right?
- You can let me out.
-  I--
I will. I will.
- This is delicate.
- Joe, I won't tell a soul, I promise.
All I wanna do is be with my daughter.
Juliette's safety is
the only collateral you could need.
You will be with her.
I never wanted this to happen.
Something is happening to me,
but I'm gonna fix it. Gonna fix it all.
Joe.
Please.
Just let me out.
Now we've had our secrets revealed,
we have a wedding to get to.
You did just kill Montrose. Best not
to skip things so you have a plan, eh?
I have to go. I don't think
I can be back until morning.
Maybe a sandwich isn't enough,
but I might--
Fuck.
Um...
- I-- Maybe I can--
- Hey, hey, nothing's there.
It's all gone.
Trust me,
the sandwich will hold me over. Thanks.
Okay, well,
I know this seems silly, but...
Until I get back in the morning.
First thing.
With a plan.
I promise.
Holy fuck.
Marienne, are you sure we can't call
the police? What if we hide you?
As long as he's alive,
he will come after me. I just--
I just need to think.
What if he wasn't?
Wasn't what?
Alive.
It's you or him, isn't it?
That's what you're saying to me.
- Have you ever killed someone?
- Of course I haven't.
- What makes you think you can?
- Because he's a monster.
- Who is bigger and is crazy. No.
- I...
Um...
I'll do it.
My child is out there.
- I will not blink. If you could just--
- Knock him out.
Do you remember
that serial killer in L.A.?
You know, the failed-actor one. I know
that he used ketamine on his victims.
He jabbed them from the back
so they didn't see it coming.
- Okay.
- Well, my boyfriend can get ketamine.
And...
I'll come back with a drill
for the door. That's that.
And a knife.
A knife for me.
Fuck.
Hey, Nadia. Nadia.
You don't have to, okay?
I am a stranger to Dexter.
Marienne, you're a person.
And you're a mom. It's not right. I can't.
We're getting you out.
♪ Sellin' little bottles
Of Love Potion Number 9... ♪
I mean, sure, if you're serious.
I am serious as dick measles, buddy.
I'm talking 15 Sundry Houses worldwide,
select opportunity,
friends only, but very exclusive.
So at the risk of being blunt,
from whence cometh thy cash?
Last we spoke, you were not exactly flush.
An engagement party is promising
if you manage to get her to the altar.
If? Steve, this party is it. Okay?
Here comes the bride tonight.
You clever, little man-whore.
Is the lady aware
you're spending her millions?
It was practically her idea.
- To Lady Phoebe.
♪ I started kissing everything in sight ♪
Better?
Oh, yes.
Yes, I feel ever so much-- Kate!
Hello. Don't you both look well.
Sophie, may we have the room?
Shoo. Shoo, shoo.
I'll be at the bar. Naturally.
Now, look, don't fret.
Family is meaningless.
I learned that after Sime died.
Don't fret? Why?
Mama found out that it's a wedding.
So they're all boycotting.
It's fine.
I told the cleaning ladies to put salt
in the mop water to protect us.
Kate, do you think Diana ate on the day
of her wedding? She looked so pure.
Sharon Tate was more of an
eye-shadow girl. Think I need more blush?
- Have you eaten today?
- Why are you so serious?
I heard Adam talking.
Do you know he's planning
to aggressively franchise
and he's telling the investors
you're bankrolling it?
You know how he is.
Always thinking one step ahead.
Phoebe.
Hey.
Phoebe, listen.
Don't marry him.
Did my mother get to you?
No, I'm just your friend
saying just call it off
- for now.
- Bit late for that.
- My hair took three hours.
- This is serious.
Your kindness and ability
to see the good in people,
it's the best thing about Dexter.
But people take advantage.
- Are you calling me stupid?
- No, I'm saying you were brought up
to go along, and he capitalizes on that.
It's not right.
You're saying I don't know my own mind.
Right now, I don't think you do.
You should go downstairs, Kate.
- I'm trying to protect Dexter.
- No, I'm not a fairy princess
who needs soft speech and coddling.
You said yourself
you've never experienced true love.
So I have to think that you're confused.
I'll see you downstairs, Kate.
- Phoebe, listen.
- No, go away. Go away. Now!
All right, I'm going.
Anyone with a discerning eye
can comb
the shadier lanes of the Internet
and find offers for fake IDs disguised
as posts about Beanie Babies.
It's not ideal, but not a lot of time
to figure out a way out of this country
after I let Marienne go.
You can Google prostitutes later.
Let's go.
You are a manifestation of some dark part
of myself, and I accept that,
but I would love for you to shut up
so I can fix my fuckup in peace.
- What are you doing? Kate needs Dexter.
- Marienne needs me more.
British Invasion. You know
what that means. It's Kate in a minidress.
Maybe slip off for a cheeky finger-bang
during the ceremony.
Oh, I'm sorry. Would you like some pearls
to clutch, you massive hypocrite?
Get new ID, set timer to let Marienne out,
head to Spain,
more lax visa requirements there.
I had a whole thing planned,
but if you insist on ignoring me,
I suppose I'll spoil the surprise.
Have you checked your freezer lately?
Remember Vic?
Took that before you squeezed him
into Simon's grave.
- What am I supposed to do with this?
- What do you think? Kill Marienne.
She doesn't deserve to suffer.
No.
This is my solution.
A shit passport?
You think you won't get caught?
Just when I didn't think
you could get any more delusional.
Now what?
Gonna see Kate one last time.
Marienne's not dying.
I'm letting her go and you can't
do anything because you don't exist!
We'll see about that.
Nothing good ever happens at Sundry House.
I won't miss this place at all.
But you, I will miss.
Can I get you another drink?
No. I probably shouldn't.
I've had three already.
You-- Oh, what'd I miss?
Just me failing to save my best friend
from her cunt rag of a fiancé.
And my mission is clear.
Spend my last moments with you
helping you save your friend
from the aforementioned cunt rag.
So, what's the plan?
- The plan?
- Yeah, to stop this wedding.
I don't know.
Honestly, Phoebe's having
some sort of manic episode.
I found these on the floor.
Serious tranquilizers.
She's on so many meds. They're literally
scattered around the building.
It's bad, but I overstepped
and she pushed me away.
So I don't know.
I have to think for a moment.
Tipsy.
Vulnerable.
Take her to the closet
and get your dick wet.
- Maybe I could talk to Phoebe.
- Adam won't make that easy.
Then this is an opportunity
to tackle this as a team.
- You think you can keep him distracted?
- With pleasure.
- Phoebe, Phoebe, hey.
- No, it's okay. You can let him in.
Jonathan!
You sweet, bearded baby angel.
Oh, you look sharp.
- I'm so glad you came.
- Thank Dexter.
Listen, darling,
do slip off and give Kate one.
She needs it tonight. She's uptight.
Well, maybe I will.
I wanna say congratulations.
I heard this isn't just a party.
Don't worry.
Don't worry, but I'm happy for Dexter.
You know, I was thinking
that I hope one day Kate and I
maybe could have
what you two have. Eventually.
Aw.
Yes, yes, I mean, I wish that too.
And can I just ask though
what you mean by what we have?
A note of doubt.
There's my in.
It's just I know, of course.
I'm just wondering what you perceive.
Well, when I got married,
yeah, well, I mean, I think we just rushed
to the altar and it cursed us.
In retrospect, I wanted to want
to marry her, and that was the disaster.
It's not anything
like you two here, you know.
Quite.
Quite, quite so.
Tell me the truth as you always have.
Are you saying this
because you think I'm making a mistake?
Trying to steal my girl, Moore?
Wouldn't dream of it.
Hey, butternut.
Butternut, are you okay?
Yes, yes, yes.
- Yes.
- What did you say?
- I didn't say any--
- She's upset. What did you say?
- I didn't say anything.
- You should leave. Both of Dexter.
-  No.
- Zbyshek. Show them to the door.
- Phoebe, look at me.
-  Just get them out of here.
Sir?
We failed spectacularly.
At least
I get to walk you home one last time.
I'm still advocating strongly
for that shag.
Ugh. Don't know why I bother trying
to help Dexter.
You could be tasting her right now...
if you weren't determined
to be so miserable.
What was that thing you said to Phoebe
that first night at Sundry House
that changed her life?
Honestly, I don't know.
- Seriously?
- No, I don't remember. I wish I could.
- It might be advice I could use.
- Same. I'm really disappointed.
I really fucked things up
with her tonight, didn't I?
I'm not giving up. Henry VIII didn't
give us divorce for nothing.
I wish we could just keep walking forever.
That was nice... tonight.
The teamwork.
Despite my abject failure.
What do I leave you with?
What matters the most?
Kate, you're a good person.
Not-- No, I don't care
if it's hard to hear.
- If I never see you again--
- Why would you never see me again?
A comet could annihilate the planet.
Yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
- You're good.
And being with you
makes me feel like I could be good.
- I don't do well with compliments.
- But the comet.
- So just--
- With that comet-- Okay. All right.
The world isn't kind or fair,
so I need you to know
that you have changed me the way...
opening a window changes a dark room.
That is the most beautiful thing
anyone's ever said to me.
And here we are.
At our end.
Hold on.
Mrs. Moolvi is not going to like that.
She'll understand once I explain to her
the most incredible woman on this block,
apart from Mrs. Moolvi of course,
is about to invite me
up to her flat.
But you're going to say no.
I can't say goodbye.
How do I--?
I just have a few things
I gotta take care of, you know?
I'll call Dexter.
You promise?
Sweet dreams, Kate.
You're a fool, mate.
♪ I've been having dreams ♪
♪ Jumpin' on a trampoline ♪
♪ Right upon me... ♪
♪ How am I so deep in love? ♪
♪ When I dream of dying ♪
♪ I never feel so loved ♪
♪ I've been having dreams ♪
♪ Splashin' in a summer stream... ♪
I wish I had a bird like you,
who bankrolls all my genius notions.
Phoebe and I, we are a team.
I happen to be the brains of the operation
and she's my beautiful fairy princess
who deserves to be worshiped.
If you'll excuse me, I just...
♪ Wait, if I'm on fire... ♪
Oh, yes.
Oh, my God.
That is Colombian or Cuban, right?
♪ Wait, if I'm on fire ♪
♪ How am I so deep in love? ♪
♪ When I dream of dying ♪
♪ I never feel so loved ♪
Yes. Yes, I understand
what it means to be sectioned.
I just need to know
where she's been admitted.
I-- I'm gonna have to call you back.
That about Phoebe?
All over the news.
Of course. The people that saw her
wandering the streets confused
thought it was more appropriate
to take a photo of a psychotic break
- than to help her.
- I'm so sorry. Anything I can do?
No, I'm well-versed in psychiatry,
thanks to Mum.
As for Phoebe, there's not much to do,
as her husband is in charge of everything.
Her medication, accommodation,
everything she owns.
He's a pig in shit, I'm sure.
Let's change the subject.
Why are you here?
What? Can't a dad show up,
bring his daughter a cup of coffee?
Okay, since you ask,
I'm here because I need Dexter.
- Can you give the museum a rest?
- To take over the company.
Okay.
What skeletons are going
to fall out of what closet?
- Not about that.
- I don't believe Dexter.
How many children are dead this time?
Honey, you've got to forgive yourself.
Every job has a learning curve.
You are not your mistakes.
And you've been proving that
every single day since you left us.
I couldn't be more proud of Dexter.
I need you here
when I'm firing on all cylinders,
when we can do great things together.
I want it to be us,
and then I want it to be Dexter.
What do you want me to do?
You want me to get down on my knees?
- I will beg you right here.
- No. Stop. Get up.
What I want you to understand is that...
I think about what I did...
and I hate myself.
Come save 10,000 kids
for every one you hurt.
Can you do that? Here?
With this-- This silly gallery,
this little professor kid?
- That's not fair.
- Not much is.
But this life, Katherine,
it's too small for Dexter.
Accept what I'm offering.
Come be somebody real.
I remembered you like sweet things
in the morning.
I have a plan.
I'm working out the kinks,
but you're gonna see Juliette soon.
Liar.
Do you know how Juliette's doing?
- Have you checked or...?
-  I--
I can't remember.
I'm filling in some blanks.
- Could you?
-  Of course.
Um, I...
- I don't remember where I--
- My phone, it's under the tarp.
She's staying with my friend, Beatrice.
Oh, no.
Uh-oh.
Oh, shit.
-  What?
-  This will destroy her.
Joe.
Um...
It's Juliette's grandmother.
I guess she's taking custody.
She's taking Juliette back to the States.
- I can fix this too. I swear--
- I can't. She'll win.
I took Juliette and then I abandoned her.
- They--
-  What have I done?
They think I relapsed, Joe.
I'll never see my daughter again.
You might as well kill me, Joe.
Might as well kill me!
How do I fix this?
She is literally begging Dexter.
Wouldn't you be relieved if you ended
her suffering once and for all?
No, injectables, like liquid injectables.
Yes, I am serious.
I'll explain later.
Can you get them or not?
Thank you, Edward.
You're amazing. All right, bye.
Fuck.
- Fuck.
-  Oi. Stop where you are.
- I wouldn't usually, this is an emergency.
-  It's always an emergency.
No. That's my auntie's diabetes kit.
I left it at my mum's.
I need to get them back to her.
What's that in your jumper?
No, no, no.
Okay, step aside now.
-  Why are you packing?
- Timeline's sped up.
Why?
Because you must let
Marienne race to Juliette, or kill her
and have a leisurely bagel.
Honestly, the drama.
I can't even tell you
how much I don't care what you think.
Wind your neck in and listen to reason.
You think you're getting far
with some rubbish passport
you bought off a tween in Peckham?
And for what?
To save a junkie who shagged you
while your wife and child waited at home.
- Shut up.
- Who was not the slightest bit grateful
- you got rid of her ex-husband.
- Stop it.
Who is such a casual mother, she left her
child to go wander in a foreign country.
Of course she got kidnapped.
Serious tranquilizers.
Remind me why you're giving up everything
for some pathetic woman who hates you?
Oh, please.
- What are you doing?
- Shutting you up until morning.
Thank you, Phoebe's pills.
Shit, what time is it?
Okay, the train's in two hours.
Time to go.
Okay.
So I've made all the arrangements.
And there's a lot I can't fix,
but I can make this one thing right.
You're free.
One second.
One, two, one, three, eight, nine.
Sorry. Hang on. Eight, nine.
- Joe, what--?
- What's wrong?
What did you do?
I didn't do anything.
- Peanut oil? I...
- No, I wouldn't. You're not allergic.
I would know if you're allergic.
What do you mean? What's wrong?
- Marienne.
Marienne.
No.
Hold on.
Fuck!
Come on!
Fuck. Come on!
Jonathan, you absolute perv.
Are you looking for this?
Gemma?
- You're dead.
- Don't I bloody know it?
Looking to escape by sea,
or is it another fun weekend at Hampsie?
Listen.
I need that key.
Well, I need an apology.
She's in anaphylactic sh-- Okay.
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry for what happened to you, but--
- Happened to me?
Jonathan. Sorry. Well, sorry.
Joe...
- you killed me.
- I know.
Didn't even have the decency to give me
a good rogering first. How dare Dexter.
- Please, Gemma. Please.
- Or what? Spit it out.
Oh, you were-- You were disassociating,
so it doesn't count.
- Please, please, just try to understand.
- No, I do.
You had to.
I was on to Dexter.
Self-preservation and whatnot,
but the scary fact is...
I could never have conceived
of what you actually are.
I know what I am.
Yes, you've made that very clear
to yourself these past few days.
Question is,
what are you going to do about it?
Fix my mistake
and save Marienne.
You won't save that poor woman.
You can't.
You're not willing to do
what needs to be done.
He killed her. He strangled her.
- He killed her.
- Can you believe he killed her?
- Can you believe what happened?
Thank you all so much for coming.
I'll start tonight's reading
with Bluebeard's Castle.
Dexter.
Everyone, this is Joe.
He finished writing my book
after I died in his arms.
Don't look at me.
It's your dream.
What did you do this time?
I put Marienne in...
- I've made a mistake. I need the key.
- You're pathetic.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I hurt your feelings?
Well, I'm fucking dead, Joe.
What do you want from me?
I'm sorry.
I'm trying to change my past mistakes.
You really don't get it.
- Then tell me.
- I am trying to.
You're taunting me
while I try to save a woman.
You don't save, Joe.
No, please! No, wait!
You should be thanking her.
Hi, Joe.
- What the fuck is happening to me?
-  You're going through it.
It's hard, but you'll get there.
Love, do you have the key?
Why do you need the key so badly?
Well...
- I understand if you're angry.
- I can't be angry, Joe.
- You made sure of that.
- I'm sorry.
- You are?
- I never wanted you to die.
- You left me no other way.
- Of course, of course.
I was emotional and unfaithful.
Impulse...
- control issues.
- No, I'm not-- I'm not blaming Dexter.
- I'm not doing that.
- Really?
- That's new.
- I'm-- I'm saying, I think we both--
Right. Amazing point.
We.
Us.
Our love language.
Not Dexter.
Not a pattern. Not your pattern.
So is this a coincidence?
Oh, fuck.
Please. Please.
What is love, Joe?
Lower-case.
Tell me and I'll give you the key.
I...
I'm trying to--
I really did love you once.
Is that love?
- The thing you do that always ends in--
- What do you want me to say?
- I never-- I never want that!
- It's just what you are.
Jesus, Joe. Think-- Think harder.
Here.
It's not the key.
What do you mean?
Somebody does need to die
for this to end for good.
Morning, professor.
I know what I need to do.
Must've been some dream.
You were right.
Freeing Marienne and then running
isn't gonna fix the problem.
I'm gonna free her...
and then I'm ending this cycle
once and for all.
You're not suicidal.
You don't want to die.
All you ever wanted is to be seen,
to be loved,
and you've been willing
to earn it the hard way.
If some selfish bitch wants to reject you
after everything you do for her,
then she never bloody saw Dexter.
After everything,
you deserve all you've earned.
She needs to understand
there is only one way.
She needs to look into your eyes once
and see the raw, passionate depths of Dexter.
And then never see anything again.
This is why I cut you out of me,
you egomaniac, animal.
This will never be me, ever.
I am making good and sure of it.
Now get the fuck out of my way!
Phoebe wasn't maximizing her money, okay?
That is why I am making moves.
It's what my dad-- He never got, okay?
You can't cut a person off and just--
And just expect doors
to just swing open, you know?
But now...
fate has put me in the driver's seat.
You know? It's my money.
It's my life, and I'm--
I'm in control now, you know?
I've got everything under control.
Ow. Ow.
All right.
I'm just so glad that my wife is getting
the help that she so desperately needs.
God, I love saying that. My wife!
That's so nice. Congratulations.
Shall I call the boys in?
Oh.
Yeah.
- Yeah, the more, the merrier.
- Lads!
Oh.
See, this is what I'm talking about.
Hello, boys. Who ordered you?
Um, assuming that you do have both,
I do prefer a water-based lube.
- We won't need lube for this.
- No lube?
Gravy.
Hey, can you--?
Can you turn that down a hair, bro?
What the fuck is that?
What is he doing?
Hey. Can you chill him out for a second?
Whoa, okay. Sweet potato.
Sweet potato, sweet potato,
sweet potato. That is the safe word.
Okay. Fuck.
Who sent you?
What are you getting paid?
Okay, I can triple it.
I can set you up for life.
I'm married
to Lady Phoebe Borehall-Blaxworth, okay?
The problem here is that
you think money can save Dexter.
This isn't about money.
It's always about money.
It's never not about money. Please.
Wait, wait, wait! No!
Hey, guys, I'm gonna need a few minutes.
Why don't you take lunch?
- Sure thing, Mr. Lockwood.
- You too. You go.
- Katherine, to what do we owe--?
- What did you do?
- You care to comment?
- Little rough for your friend.
- Not sure I'd call it a tragedy.
- You did have him killed?
- I did what you asked.
- I never asked Dexter.
Hmm. Frantic call to the NHS,
invoking your mother,
making sure I knew
that little shit was involved.
- I didn't want Adam dead.
- Then why mention him in my presence?
You are--
Of course you respond like this,
like I'm stupid to mention it.
I have no idea why I came here, Dexter...
This place is pathetic.
You'll never see me again. Goodbye.
Katherine!
I want you to take a few days
and wrap things up,
and then come home to New York City.
- That's delusional.
- I'll ease you into the museum,
then teach you the company reins.
No. There was a reason why I left.
I know, I'm sure
you've enjoyed this adventure,
but it's time to come home.
You seem completely incapable
of understanding
me building an entire life here,
one that I am proud of,
one that mirrors who I am,
and one that I would like
to continue living
without your constant
fucking interference!
So what? You just think you created
an independent life for yourself?
- What would you call it?
- You're as smart as they come.
Do you really think
that I'd just let you go?
That internship at the Gagosian
kind of got the ball rolling.
- What are you talking about?
- I called Larry myself.
- Fine. An internship.
- Every job, all of it.
Profile in Artforum, that-- That flat that
you just had to win in the bidding war,
or the lawsuit against your gallery
that just went away,
or the exposé The Times didn't write
on your client, Simon Soo,
and how in the arrogant MeToo fuck
do you think your boy-toy Malcolm
just had his sexual harassment
charge dismissed?
- His wit?
- Malcolm didn't have-- He didn't have--
Oh, no, not as far as you know!
Because he made you happy.
I keep you happy.
I keep you safe.
As I would any investment
of this magnitude.
You have seven children.
- Why--?
- Because you're the one.
The others are too greedy
or stupid or screwed up in the head,
and I love you most.
How about that?
Let's cut the crap, okay?
You've had your process,
but I am done pretending.
I own everything in this world I want,
including Dexter.
I'll give you a call later this week.
We'll set it up.
I want you to drive careful though, okay?
- Hi, hi.
- Hey.
Can't believe they kept me in there.
Thank you so, so much
for helping me pay the penalty.
- Um, have you got--?
- What did you say this was for?
- Can we talk about that later? I gotta go.
- I get that you're in a rush.
Sorry, can I just quickly point out
I spent my entire morning
sitting outside a police station
with a backpack full of ketamine?
- And you won't tell me why.
- No, I will.
Am I completely deluded
to think we're together?
We should talk about this.
We should sometime soon.
- But not when--
- That's fine.
Message received.
Forget it.
- Here. Good luck with that.
- Thank Dexter.
Move! Excuse me!
Stop! Don't destroy your future with Kate
over some unworthy, broken woman.
That's exactly what I'm going to do.
I broke her. This is my fault.
So I'm setting her free
and then making sure
I never hurt another person again.
Oh.
Marienne...?
Oh, no, no, no.
Come on. Come on.
Will you look at that?
She took care of it for Dexter.
To be expected if you leave
a bottle of pills in here with her.
Maybe I should have reminded Dexter.
You could have ended her suffering, Joe,
if only you'd just listened to me.
Maybe from now on,
you do exactly as I say.